yep these are the flexible oled tvs that
roll up when they're not in use a pretty
impressive demo when we saw it at cs
last year but here's the difference in
2020 this and the awesomes 8k displays
are no longer just proofs of concept
product demos no this year lg is
sponsoring this video so that we can
show you a bunch of next-gen stuff that
you can actually buy from high refresh
rate gaming monitors to all things 8k
[Music]
now we got a taste of 8k last year but
this year lg is bringing ak to market in
full force with three separate product
lines the flagship is of course the
signature oled zx line it's available in
77 and 88 freaking inches comprising 33
million pixels now we don't know when
they're gonna launch what they're going
to cost but it does make sense that lg
is starting with these giant sizes since
having a bigger screen or sitting a lot
closer to a not so big screen is going
to show off the difference between 8k
and piddly peasant 4k the next two lines
of aktvs are both nano ips lcds called
nano 97 and nano 99 each of these
categories features 75 inch and 65 inch
models better for me with full array
local dimming the difference between
these two lines is mainly aesthetic but
there is also a difference in the number
of local dimming zones now don't worry
the b and c and wallpaper series 4k tvs
will continue to get made which is a
good thing because at this point there's
near zero 8k content available aside
from i guess the upcoming 2020 summer
olympics and even then ak broadcast in
japan and maybe italy are the only ones
we even know about but there is another
format joining the lg oled family the
gallery or g series which i think is
pretty sweet if you if you like the
wallpaper style but you don't want all
the electronics externalized into a
giant obligatory sound bar how about if
they're integrated into a thicker but
still really thin panel it comes with an
integrated wall mount that folds down
into a recess so you still get that
glued to the wall look without anything
extra pretty sick imho all of these new
sets i've mentioned are equipped with
lg's new alpha 9 series 3 processor
which this year has a couple of features
that you might actually find useful even
if you're the type of purist who usually
turns most processing off the ai can
recognize faces and text for example
helping subtitles look sharper and more
readable and it has similar capability
for audio where it can isolate someone's
voice and boost just that so that
they're easier to hear and annoys the
environment like the ces show floor now
if you happen to be here at ces and
you've seen me furiously typing in a
corner you know that i run an lg gram
because it's super lightweight and the
battery lasts all day well lg is not
screwing with the formula for 2020. the
new grams feature 10th gen core i7 1065
g7 ice lake processors with intel iris
plus integrated graphics and a rebuilt
cooling system the hinges have been
integrated so now they look way more
slick and the 17 inch has gained an
extra row on the number pad so you can
actually get some real work done on this
puppy one of the most hyped monitors of
2019 was the 27 gl850 lg's one
millisecond response time ips well hold
on to your peripherals because this 27
gn 950b ultra gear gaming monitor is
basically that on steroids instead of
1440p it's 4k instead of 350 nits it's
basic display hdr 600 certified and of
course it's still 144 hertz this is one
that we will definitely be checking out
once it releases in
a few months look forward to that like
your monitors ultra thick the 38 wn 95c
w has basically all the same specs as
the last one but in a way wider form
factor it's g-sync compatible has 98
coverage of the p3 color gamut and has a
thunderbolt 3 port on the back it's got
square corners but
boy is she well-rounded now this last
monitor is a bit different because not
only is it 32 inches but it has a stand
unlike any other monitor at the show
giving it the name the 32 un-880 b ultra
fine display ergo this 4k hdr display
can it can tilt it can rotate it can
swivel like a greased up yoga teacher
with these two elbows it's awesome if
you have a standing desk or if you work
in a highly collaborative environment
where the people who work there actually
want to talk to each other i know
nothing about that by the way why can't
apple's thousand dollar stand do all
this and if you're gonna get a new tv
why not get an awesome new sound bar to
go with it you can upgrade your
experience with the sm11 rg it's one of
the most powerful sound bars at 770
watts and an unprecedented 7.1.4
channels for a cinematic surround
experience that exceeds anything offered
by its predecessors so big thanks to lg
for sponsoring this video you can check
out all this stuff at the link below and
make sure you check out ltteststore.com
where you can get our sick merch and
tune in tomorrow because we're going to
be covering ces all week long baby